# Snakes

When I was little, I dreamt of snakes--of crawling on my belly and slithering over my twin. I always had a twin. Sometimes the two of us would sprout legs, standing so out bellies grew round, our arms reaching for each other. Together we had such power, though little, we were strong. We intimidated those around us with the threat of sharp teeth--two points of danger--and venom. A poison so strong we had no fear of death and no fear of life.

And yet we were beautiful. The patterns on our back called forth memories, villages of snake people, weaving patterns in the moonlight to keep their children warm and safe. They knew they were the first true gods to walk through the tall grass or bathe in the river.

So my twin and I were always careful to keep our skin, blessed by the sun, warmed upon rocks, moistened whenever possible. We would taste the wind and tell secrets of love to each other, as no other beings could, we kept each other.

When I was older, I was taught to fear snakes, taught that they were evil. As my teeth feel out I lost my venom. I learned what it was to be threatened by death. I learned to fear life. I no longer dreamt of weavers by moonlight or patterns of protective spirits on my back.

One day my twin became lost. She had wondered into a long dark hallway. I tried to follow her but the doors were all locked. I pulled on them and beat them, frantically calling her name. Only the last door was open. I was blinded by a dark light when I entered. I stumbled around finding the room very tiny. As my eyes began to focus I saw a staircase spiraling upwards. But as I reached the top of the stairs I found myself back at the front doors of the hallway. I rain through again and again, each time faster--screaming ‘till I lost my voice.

When I woke, I knew my twin was locked in the hallway. If I was real quiet I could hear her screams as she ran from door to door, trying to find a way out. But there was no way out, because I was human and afraid of snakes.

---

Title: Snakes
Category: dreams
Version: 1
Date: September 2019
layout: fiction

---
